Add Adopting DARIA document for interested funds (#1546)
DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management: docs/ADOPTING_DARIA.md

# Adopting DARIA

> If you are a fund considering adopting DARIA as your case management system of record, this may answer common questions about how things work. We also have a sandbox/training app where no actual patient data lives for experimenting. [FILL IN ANY NECESSARY DETAIL]

Reviewer: Do we want to get into any detail about who to contact? We've created an email account in the ddf domain to be a catchall for DARIA implementation things. If you think how to move forward details and pace to expect would be helpful, then I can comment with some verbiage :)

> If you are a fund considering adopting DARIA as your case management system of record, this may answer common questions about how things work. We also have a sandbox/training app where no actual patient data lives for experimenting. [FILL IN ANY NECESSARY DETAIL]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a fund considering adopting DARIA as your case management system of record, this may answer common questions about how things work. We also have a sandbox/training app where no actual patient data lives for experimenting. You can check out the sandbox [here](https://sandbox.dcabortionfund.org) with username `test@test.com`, password `P4ssword`. Be sure to check out the 'Admin Tools' section to understand how DARIA can be customized to your organization.

If after reading below, you feel that DARIA's a good fit for your organization, just reach out to us on the Code4DC Slack -- [sign up here](https://codefordc.org/resources/slack.html) -- in the #dcaf_case_management channel.
```

Reviewer: ^^ my crack at it. Assuming this is how you want people to reach out until things are 100% sorted out.

The workflow is similar to many Customer Relationship Manager (CRM) systems. After patients leave a voicemail, the case managers return their calls and assist patients in navigating the process of scheduling an appointment and raising funds. If the patient is short on money, after a series of phone calls we issue a pledge to support their visit to a clinic. If a patient takes advantage of the pledge and complete their abortion, our accounting team logs that as a fulfillment.

Read more about our workflow at: 
https://github.com/DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management/blob/master/docs/DCAF_101.md

## Administration toolkit

DARIA provides a number of workflows to administer and report on your funds activities. Analysts are able to export an anonymized spreadsheet for analysis; administrators are able to keep track of which clinics your fund  are and aren't working with; and your accounting team can use a specialized workflow to mark which pledges have been cashed.

> 

Reviewer: The following are customizations that the DARIA app provides out of the box. With the exception of hotlines, these can all be managed by your fund within the app.

* Number of hotlines
* Clinics
* External Pledge Sources (i.e. funds, other organizations, clinic discounts that contribute to pledges)
* Fax service options
* Insurance options
* Language options (i.e. languages your fund can accommodate)
* Pledge limit help text options (e.g. 1st trimester (7-12 weeks): $100, etc.)
* Referred by options
* Links to additional resources pertinent to your organization

Reviewer: This is stuff that I've compiled to email to people and I think it's helpful in a fund's assessment of how much DARIA can be tailored to fit their needs. If you think it's too in the weeds, that's also fine. I was erring on the side of more info up front, but if you think this is better as a less is more type of thing, perhaps it'd be better to just point people to check out the admin tools > config management when checking out the sandbox to get a feel for the level of customization. Happy to defer to your judgment here.

Author: Yeah, I think less is more at the point they're reading this document. If they're mulling over customization when they're poking around sandbox you're dead on, we can point them toward config panel then, but let's aim for that to rise up organically.

## Your DARIA instance and its data is yours

> Every fund's DARIA instance is separate from others. Your DARIA instance and its data is completely yours to use. DCAF and other DARIA funds do not have access to your data.

Reviewer: For an overview of the exact data that the DARIA app collects, please see:  https://github.com/DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management/blob/master/docs/DATA_DICTIONARY.md.

(also, I love that y'all made the data dictionary, really helpful, def want to copy this in my other projects)

Reviewer: oh... actually I think the suggested data dictionary verbiage belongs in the administration toolkit section.

Author: Particulars of data collection feels a little weedy to me as well -- is this something that other funds have both asked about in initial conversations with you? Other funds who have adopted this so far have not really been that interested in an analytics program and were much more interested in getting out of spreadsheet world, but I'm interested in whether that continues to hold true.

Reviewer: This has come up in conversations about DARIA less in the context of an analytics program but more in the context of how similar is DARIA's intake to their intake and the data that they're already collecting and using for their process.

Additionally, we know any tech is only as secure as the people using it. A fund should also maintain secure data collection and usage practices at the individual case manager level, including deploying two factor authentication on their google accounts and using DARIA's features rather than using potentially compromising patient information in email communications.

Find our complete security review at:
https://github.com/DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management/blob/master/docs/SECURITY.md

## How to migrate

Data migration is a manual process using a custom data entry form within DARIA. Funds should migrate data as close to the go-live date as possible. Plan to have a team of volunteers in your fund complete the migration. One person should be able to migrate approximately 200 patients over a weekend.

We suggest breaking this down as follows:

* Determine how much data to migrate (suggestion: current fiscal year or calendar year)
* Recruit data entry volunteers, planning for 1 volunteer per 200 patients for 2 days of data entry
* Break out data by volunteer to ensure no patient duplication

## Costs

> DARIA costs start at $84 a year ($7 a month for 12 months), paid to DCAF once a year. This covers your share of server fees, and gets your fund its own URL and database. The DARIA engineering team will automatically update your instance with patches and new features. Funds which see a heavy amount of patient traffic (2,000+ new patients per year) may need to invest in a database upgrade at an additional $216 a year after the first year.

Reviewer: I don't know if the below is appropriate / the level of detail you're looking for or if you don't want to mention the DDF relationship at all, but here's some additional details that could be added.

## Support and Maintenance

The DARIA engineering team will automatically update your instance with patches and new features. App monitoring is in place to alert the engineering team of any major outages. Urgent application support and troubleshooting is provided by the Digital Defense Fund by email at daria-admin@digitaldefensefund.org.

## How to move forward with DARIA

We are currently onboarding new funds at the rate of one fund per six months. To get the ball rolling getting your fund set up with DARIA, please reach out to daria-admin@digitaldefensefund.org.

Author: The support and maintenance tip is a great insight, though I'd strike the last sentence as that isn't in place yet, haha.

As noted above. I'd like to strike the moving forward thing for now, since this document is geared to a different goal than cold open or 'someone stumbles upon it'.

## Security

By reaching out to a fund, a patient is implicitly trusting us to be discreet and safeguard their personal data. To make good on funds' promise to keep our patients safe and offer them the best advice and support we can, our development team's top priority is keeping patient data secure and safe through deploying industry best practices and security monitoring softwares. 

Additionally, we know any tech is only as secure as the people using it. A fund should also maintain secure data collection and usage practices at the individual case manager level, including deploying two factor authentication on their google accounts and using DARIA's features rather than using potentially compromising patient information in email communications.

Find our complete security review at:
https://github.com/DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management/blob/master/docs/SECURITY.md

## How to migrate

> 

Reviewer 2: Migration is a manual process using an interface developed to streamline data entry (https://cmapp.dcabortionfund.org/data_entry). It's best to set up a team for this process, especially if there are a large number of patients to migrate. Each of the volunteers doing data entry will need a login in for DARIA.

Instructions to use the expedited data entry form: 

* Log in as normal
* If multiple lines, select the assigned line 
* Go to https://cmapp.dcabortionfund.org/data_entry
* Enter the patient information from the spreadsheet, except for notes and external pledges, and hit submit
* Manually add the notes and external pledges
* Navigate back to https://cmapp.dcabortionfund.org/data_entry 
* Repeat until complete

Once you've created the patient, go into 'Notes' tab.  Copy text from "Comments & Patient Story" to the text box.  
Once you've finished with notes, go into the 'Call Log' tab.  Click on the 'Record new call' link.  Select option that matches 'Status' cell in spreadsheet.

Some tips: 
Sometime the notes in Crypto contain information that will have a separate field in DARIA -- read the notes.  
For longer notes in Crypto, use the date stamps (e.g. // 12/2) to break up into smaller notes for DARIA.
